query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_50.fasta took 411ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_60.fasta took 417ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_70.fasta took 299ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_80.fasta took 314ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_90.fasta took 353ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_100.fasta took 381ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_150.fasta took 738ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_200.fasta took 1081ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_250.fasta took 1282ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_300.fasta took 1500ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_350.fasta took 1748ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_400.fasta took 2011ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_450.fasta took 2288ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_500.fasta took 2530ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_550.fasta took 2744ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_600.fasta took 2828ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_650.fasta took 2932ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_700.fasta took 2883ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_750.fasta took 2923ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_800.fasta took 2977ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_850.fasta took 3104ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_900.fasta took 3252ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_950.fasta took 3435ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_1000.fasta took 3598ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_5000.fasta took 20199ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_50.fasta took 1695ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_60.fasta took 991ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_70.fasta took 762ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_80.fasta took 587ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_90.fasta took 455ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_100.fasta took 468ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_150.fasta took 871ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_200.fasta took 1526ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_250.fasta took 2116ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_300.fasta took 2630ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_350.fasta took 3063ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_400.fasta took 3550ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_450.fasta took 4228ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_500.fasta took 4996ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_550.fasta took 5928ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_600.fasta took 6945ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_650.fasta took 8038ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_700.fasta took 9265ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_750.fasta took 10673ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_800.fasta took 12026ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_850.fasta took 13855ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_900.fasta took 15035ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_950.fasta took 16646ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_1000.fasta took 18187ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_5000.fasta took 287857ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_50.fasta took 740ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_60.fasta took 601ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_70.fasta took 707ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_80.fasta took 608ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_90.fasta took 659ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_100.fasta took 515ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_150.fasta took 401ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_200.fasta took 610ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_250.fasta took 843ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_300.fasta took 1161ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_350.fasta took 1504ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_400.fasta took 1899ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_450.fasta took 2404ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_500.fasta took 2845ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_550.fasta took 3436ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_600.fasta took 4104ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_650.fasta took 4695ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_700.fasta took 5334ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_750.fasta took 6159ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_800.fasta took 6898ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_850.fasta took 7734ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_900.fasta took 8604ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_950.fasta took 9401ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_1000.fasta took 10380ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_5000.fasta took 188224ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_50.fasta took 84ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_60.fasta took 256ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_70.fasta took 312ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_80.fasta took 490ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_90.fasta took 427ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_100.fasta took 526ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_150.fasta took 406ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_200.fasta took 671ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_250.fasta took 633ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_300.fasta took 872ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_350.fasta took 948ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_400.fasta took 1155ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_450.fasta took 1515ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_500.fasta took 1660ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_550.fasta took 2104ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_600.fasta took 2325ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_650.fasta took 2587ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_700.fasta took 2823ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_750.fasta took 3258ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_800.fasta took 3747ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_850.fasta took 4147ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_900.fasta took 4704ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_950.fasta took 5035ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_1000.fasta took 5400ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_5000.fasta took 89930ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_50.fasta took 25ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_60.fasta took 42ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_70.fasta took 37ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_80.fasta took 102ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_90.fasta took 62ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_100.fasta took 160ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_150.fasta took 313ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_200.fasta took 674ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_250.fasta took 471ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_300.fasta took 1372ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_350.fasta took 872ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_400.fasta took 1235ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_450.fasta took 1609ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_500.fasta took 1611ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_550.fasta took 2104ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_600.fasta took 2635ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_650.fasta took 2373ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_700.fasta took 2678ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_750.fasta took 2696ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_800.fasta took 2550ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_850.fasta took 3050ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_900.fasta took 3705ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_950.fasta took 3935ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_1000.fasta took 4661ms
query all seqs in file /WORKS/vlevallois/data_colab/queries/random_seqs_5000.fasta took 32251ms